How does that feel? Tight. All right.
That's not right. Let's improve that.
First stretch, the hip flexor thrust. On
your knees, tuck your pelvis, and you're
going to push your hips forward. And
we're going to do it for 30 reps. 30.
Feel the stretch in the quads and the
hip flexor. Oh, I feel it. And sit back.
It doesn't I don't know if you guys can
see any movement happening right now.
The tighter you are, the harder this is
going to be, but stick with it. I
promise it's worth it. Ooh. Go ahead and
walk/ crawl after that. Oh. Oh. I
promise it feels good. How does it feel?
The biggest thing I noticed is like just
an immediate release of tension in my
back. Yes. Second exercise. This might
be counterintuitive, but we are going to
do our cobra stretch. Really? Yep.
Anchor those toes. Flex your quads. Lift
your chest up to the ceiling, but
through length. Hold that at whatever
position is comfortable for you. 30
seconds. I've never done this with
quads. Your glutes flexed. Two. One. Go
ahead and sit back towards your heels if
you can. Oh yeah. Go ahead and lengthen
through that back as much as possible
and relax. And that was intense. I just
didn't realize how bad I need that. I
almost cramped right from the start and
then it just released and I felt like a
stretch here that I've never felt
before. Exercise three. If you didn't
know, one of your quads, your rectus
forous is actually also a hip flexor.
So, we're going to do a rear foot
elevated hip flexor stretch. Oh yeah.
Breathing deeply. We're going to hold
for around 30 seconds or so. Come on out
of that stretch. Go ahead and stand up
for a second. Try and take a little step
here without dying. Don't feel the need
to rush through this. You can rest in
between sets. I think this side's even
tighter. Chest upright. Two. One. Coming
out of that stretch. Where am I? I just
feel like one of those uh those those
wobbly wobbly All right, let's do our
test. Hips down toward the floor. There
you go. This is incredible. Oh my
goodness. So, I'm gonna show a before
and after. This is actually insane. How
does this feel? That feels nice. Does
this feel feel feel feel feel feel feel
feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel
feel feel feel particularly intense or
No, that's actually the coolest part.
You were screaming in agony at the
beginning. I was like I was chilling it.
Stay flexy, man. Yeah, that's nice.